0. You are required to write a class JavaDoc with your name at the top of each
   file that you create. You are not required to write any other comments 
   unless you feel that it is useful to do so. You are expected to follow best
   practices with respect to naming conventions and encapsulation. 

   Create a class named Hogwarts in the practicum1 package that defines a main 
   method with the appropriate signature. Use this method to manually test your
   other classes.


1. (10 points) A Quidditch player plays one of the following positions: Beater, 
   Chaser, Keeper, or Seeker. Create a new Java type to represent a Quidditch 
   position.


2. (15 points) A Hogwarts student is sorted into one of four houses, each of 
   which is associated with a specific behavioral characteristic:

   - Gryffindor: Bravery
   - Hufflepuff: Empathy
   - Ravenclaw: Intelligence
   - Slytherin: Ambition

   Create a new Java type to represent one of the Hogwarts houses. Given a 
   value of the House type it should be possible to access its characteristic.


3. (35 points) A Hogwarts student has the following attributes and behavior:
 
    - A name, a year level, and a house.
    - A student is created with a name and a house and the year level is set to
      a default value of 1.
    - Accessors for all of the student's attributes.
    - A method that can be used to get the year level as a string with the 
      appropriate suffix, e.g. "2nd" or "6th".
    - At the end of each year the student advances and their year level is 
      increased by one up to a maximum of 7. To be clear, the year level cannot
      be set to an arbitrary value at any time, but can only be advanced by one
      year at a time.
    - Two students are considered equal if they are in the same house and are
      at the same year level.
    - The string representation of a student should match the format: 
    
      "<name>, a <year level with suffix> student in <house name> house"
      
      For example: 

      "Harry Potter, a 2nd year student in Gryffindor house.  


4. (25 points) A Quidditch player is a Hogwarts student that has the following
   additional attributes and behavior:

   - A position.
   - A Quidditch player is created with a name, a house, and a position.
   - An accessor for the position.
   - Two Quiddich player's are considered equal if they play the same position
     regardless of their house or year level.
   - The string representation of a Quidditch player should match the format:

     "<name>, a <year level with suffix> year <position> for the <house name> 
     Quidditch team" 
     
     For example: 

     "Roger Davies, a 6th year Chaser for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team."


5. (15 points) You have been provided with a file containing a roster of 
   Hogwarts Quidditch players. The first line in the file contains the number 
   of players on the roster. Each remaining line is in the format:

   Name,Position,House,Year 

   For example:

   Oliver Wood,Keeper,Gryffindor,6

   Add a static method to the Quidditch Player class that declares a parameter
   for a filename and returns an array of Quidditch players that have been
   parsed from the file. For full credit, you must ensure that the file is 
   closed when you are finished.

   You may assume that the file is properly formatted and contains the correct
   number and format of players in the roster. If any exceptions do occur, 
   print an error message and return null.

   The following is example output after reading the entire roster from the
   provided file and printing the players in order to standard output:

  Tasmin Applebee, a 7th year Chaser for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team.
  Katie Bell, a 4th year Chaser for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.
  Miles Bletchley, a 6th year Keeper for the Slytherin Quidditch team.
  Lucian Bole, a 3rd year Beater for the Slytherin Quidditch team.
  Randolph Burrow, a 1st year Chaser for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.
  Cho Chang, a 2nd year Seeker for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.
  Roger Davies, a 6th year Chaser for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.
  Peregrine Derrick, a 4th year Beater for the Slytherin Quidditch team.
  Cedric Diggory, a 7th year Seeker for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team.
  Herbert Fleet, a 6th year Keeper for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team.
  Marcus Flint, a 6th year Chaser for the Slytherin Quidditch team.
  Duncan Inglebee, a 2nd year Beater for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.
  Angelina Johnson, a 3rd year Chaser for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.
  Heidi Macavoy, a 4th year Chaser for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team.
  Draco Malfoy, a 2nd year Seeker for the Slytherin Quidditch team.
  Graham Montague, a 3rd year Chaser for the Slytherin Quidditch team.
  Maxine O'Flaherty, a 2nd year Beater for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team.
  Grant Page, a 3rd year Keeper for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.
  Harry Potter, a 2nd year Seeker for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.
  Malcolm Preece, a 2nd year Chaser for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team.
  Anthony Rickett, a 5th year Beater for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team.
  Jason Samuels, a 4th year Beater for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.
  Alicia Spinnet, a 5th year Chaser for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.
  Jeremy Stretton, a 2nd year Chaser for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.
  Cassius Warrington, a 3rd year Chaser for the Slytherin Quidditch team.
  Fred Weasley, a 3rd year Beater for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.
  George Weasley, a 3rd year Beater for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.
  Oliver Wood, a 6th year Keeper for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.